What is a Ticker Symbol? -- A ticker symbol or stock symbol is an abbreviation used to uniquely identify publicly traded shares of a particular stock on a particular stock market. (e.g. For Microsoft it is MSFT).

How to find a ticker symbol? -- Google search (Company Name + Ticker Symbol), SEC report, Official website, Marketwatch.com, Yahoo Financials, finance.yahoo.com are some sources to find the ticker symbol.

What if a company doesn’t have a ticker symbol? -- Leave it blank.

What does revenue mean? -- Revenue is the total income reported for a company in a particular financial year.

In which format does Qore considers revenue? -- You should fill revenues in USD format only. Write revenues in units of million or billion along with prefixing (million, billion) after each record (e.g. 10.24 million or 23 Billion).

What is to be done for companies where revenue is reported in a different currency (other than USD)? -- You should convert the revenues in USD before adding to the Qore platform. Use currency converter on Google or use websites such as Investopedia, xe.com.

From where do we find revenue for a company? -- Revenues for a company can be found on official website/ annual report /SEC report.

What if I don’t find revenue from any above sources? -- Check revenue information from Fortune.com (only add revenues from Fortune if you do not find it in any other sources listed above).

What do you consider as revenue (if we don’t find revenue listed as a line item in any source)? -- You should consider Net income/ Total Sales if you do not find it as a line item listed in official website, annual report or SEC report. Cross confirm the numbers with Fortune.com (Only add revenues under different header post confirming from Fortune.com).

If I am not able to find revenues in any of the above source, what should I do? -- Consider current year Q4 (last quarter) report/ filings and only add revenues if it is reported for the full year (do not add revenues reported for a quarter).

What does a reporting date indicate? -- The reporting date is the last day of the reporting period to which the financial statements relate.

What should be included in a reporting date? -- The reporting date from the source from where the information is picked up (e.g. End of fiscal year (For 31st March add 31/03/2021 for December add 31/12/2021 etc).

What is an employee count? -- It refers to the total headcount/ manpower/ workforce/ employees count in a company.

What are the sources for gathering information on employee count? -- Annual report, SEC report, Official website, Fortune.com.

What is the correct format of an employee count? -- Correct format is a number. Do not enter ranges.

Are temporary employees to be considered as a part of the total employee count? -- No temporary employees/ interns are not to be considered as a part of the total number of employees.

What is a reporting year? -- Reporting year is the year in which financials are reported by a company. (E.g. Jan to Dec 2022, Apr to March 2021).

What is a correct reporting year? -- The correct reporting year to be included on the Qore platform is the latest financial year.

What if I do not find latest financial year reports of any company? -- Consider SEC/ Annual reports / Reported numbers from last 2 years (Reports of any other year prior to that is considered incorrect).